Due to the rapid attack on each side, the enemy was already in the fall of April,
and the resistance organization was destroyed and it fell into chaos.
The military is here to retreat and retreat.
On April 29, the enemy was attacked.
On May 1, the enemy was attacked.
On March 3, the enemy was attacked.
On March 5, the enemy was attacked.
The enemy was attacked by the enemy's forces.
On August 8, the enemy attacked the right side.
On October 10, the enemy occupied the eastern border.
After that, the enemy attacked the north.
Mandalay is the center of the political economy in the central part of the island.
The reason for the attack on Mandalay is that the military is in the middle of the war.
The military is in the middle of the war.
The enemy is attacking the eastern border.
The base of the A-1 military is here.